New reference architecture diagram: Storing user generated content (#21263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/reference-architecture/diagrams/storage/storing-user-generated-content.mdx

In this architecture, we use **R2** as the primary storage layer and a **Worker** to control upload access. Files are uploaded directly from the user's browser or device to R2 using signed URLs, which are generated by the Worker after validating the user's permissions and upload intent.

This approach avoids routing large files through the application backend or Worker, reducing latency and operational cost—while ensuring tight control over access and security.

And because R2 is natively integrated with Cloudflare's global network, files stored in R2 are accessible with low latency from anywhere in the world—and **without any egress fees**, even as your application scales.

![Use Case 1: Secure User Uploads to R2 via Signed URLs](~/assets/images/reference-architecture/storing-user-generated-content/uploads-to-r2-via-signed-urls.svg "Use Case 1: Secure User Uploads to R2 via Signed URLs")

**How it Works**

1. **User initiates upload from the frontend:** The app collects file details (e.g. size, name) and calls a backend API (a Cloudflare Worker) to begin the upload process.

> 2. **Worker authenticates the user and validates the request:** The Worker confirms that the user is logged in, has upload permissions, and that the file is within acceptable limits (e.g. 10MB max, allowed MIME types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Worker authenticates the user and validates the request:** The Worker confirms that the user is logged in, has upload permissions, and that the file is within acceptable limits (for example, 10MB max, allowed MIME types).
```
